
--USER STORE/GAMEPLAY--
Gameplay: There are 2 players in pong. Each player will move 
          their paddle up and down within the box in order to 
          hit the moving ball. The goal is to get the ball pass 
          the other players paddle. When you get the ball pass 
          the players paddle you will earn a point.

Start Conditions:The ball will have to start in the center between 
                 the two paddles. The paddles will have to  start 
                 in the same position whenever the game stars. When 
                 the game starts the score for both players will 
                 have to be 0.

End Conditions: In PONG there is not definite goal, so the game 
                does not have to end. However, if I do want the 
                game to end I can create a point goal for the 
                players to reach in order to win.

If's: If the paddle hit's player 1's paddle then bounce the ball
      right and if the ball hits player 2's paddle bounce the ball left. 
      If the ball is hit off screen on the left side increase player 2's 
      score and if the ball is hit off screen on the right side then add
      to player 1's score. If it goes off to the left or right reset paddle position and ball position. 
      If they reach enough points to win then reset the points and the paddle & ball position.

--VISUALS--
-Paddles(Animated): positionX, positionY, speedX, speedY
-Ball(Animated): positionX, positionY, speedX, speedY
-Score Text(Animated): points
-Center Line(Static)
-Background(Static)

--EVENTS/LOGIC--
Events: keydown and keyup for the UP and DOWN arrow key(player 1) and W and S key(player 2)

How do those events affect the data of the program? The events will change the X and Y position of the paddle.

Logic: When a key is pressed and that key  is the DOWN key then move the paddle down for player 1. 
       When a key is pressed and that is key the UP key then move the paddle up for player 1.
       The same goes for player 2 expect he uses the W key for up and the S key for down.
       When the up and down key for either of the two player is released their paddle will stop moving.
       